my water just broke
yep i found him my father randall
pearson
i'm your biological son first male is
out you hear that babe we got a boy
your wife is in distress jack the show
is so
bad everything's fake i quit
toby pete so you want to be fat friends
we lost the third baby jack i'm very
sorry i like to think that you
took the sourest lemon that life has to
offer and turned it into something
resembling lemonade why are you watching
this stuff
told them to go screw themselves i'm
moving to new york
show business 36 years ago my life
started
with you leaving me on a fire station
doorstep but the man has stage four
stomach cancer
grandma and grandpa are here i'll be in
my room
you are getting in the car right now and
we are going to this doctor just wanted
to be the man that made you happy
i'm here on that i'm going to be at 12.
for a very good brother to you
was i no you would but you still got
time toby you were looking for with all
this
but i do know you don't have a whole lot
of time i like to tell the girls who you
are i did it i i booked a red eye to new
york
you mean this uh steel cut oatmeal and
egg white pancake you're making me eat
it's amazing they said you just go up
and over and burrito him
they'll be in college soon we're pretty
good together
[Music]
your highness find you a crown
tickets i did everything wrong by you
and you've done everything right
these la actors they come out here right
they do their little stint in theater
just to feel better about themselves i'm
here for the right reasons let's get
this over with shall we you got the part
but i'm sorry what they think the nanny
will sell tickets
look it's kevin oh this is my biological
father
well that probably is gonna be a longer
conversation but it's good to meet you
it's a pleasure to meet you
you're fired what maybe it's time we go
at it alone for a while you know
see what happens we're so busy making
sure that kid's not eating too much
calm down and riddle's not too adopted
i'm sorry i should have been there
and i'm going to be there this doesn't
say pause on this doesn't say suck
either yet here we are i'm not cut out
for theater
you do that a lot doubt yourself every
time i met a new black person
i would put a mark in this notebook and
every time i met a black man i wondered
if that man could possibly be my father
our life
i love it right now and i'm so scared of
changing it i'm not gonna stand for
anything changing between us i can't
fall for a fat person right now
i guess i'll lose the weight then what
did i do to deserve this
you've done a lot of really nice things
for me so i wanted to return the phone i
don't want to be different from that
different from who
the kids at school if we get an a i'll
get ice cream and get and give a woman
and then they'll eat it's okay uh it's
been a few days
now you know since you showed up without
calling right i was just
sort of wandering when are you leaving
hey mom hey miguel i'm rebecca i'm
randall's mother
very nice to meet you nice to meet you
he's gonna be about to wait for me toby
i'm done dieting okay
[Music]
wait i wonder if i can check on him from
time to time no book of poems that
randall's had since he was a baby
the one i gave rebecca back in the day
rebecca this is beth
yeah um so william just told me
something really interesting
about the two of you i told you that
when i met you
that i couldn't fall for a fat person
but you did
so now what you're just gonna throw me
away handle on myself
on the weight and on all of it i need
that more than anything right now and i
want it i want it more than anything
right now
even more than me
why is there a photo of me and a letter
that you sent to william's apartment
i'm sorry i can't do this
can't do what when a nice boy who adores
you offered you pie
say thank you randall you have to
understand understand what that you knew
my father that you kept him from me my
entire life
you're so pretty thank you baby well if
i'm pretty you're pretty cause we look
alike
starting to feel like you attaching
yourself to something that's not a
calculated act is just too much for your
empty human shell to handle
that's our cue to leave you and william
have known each other for randall's
entire life
and you kept that firm okay is that
slowing in your bed
hey kate you kept that secret for 36
years
that must have been incredibly lonely
no not yet rebecca thinks that
we have kids our lives are going to be
over she's right
our lead actress vanished a month ago
off the base of the planet you got
involved with her you slept with the
tony nominated star of my plane ruined
everything yeah well you know i slept
with you too it didn't ruin anything
yeah only ten years of therapy william
hill
i loved you and you left now i'd like to
spend whatever time you have remaining
together
would you the one thing i cannot live
without
he's you dad
grandpa's gay or at least bye
wasn't enough
uh i'm gonna do it do what the surgery i
just don't want you to freak out okay
don't worry about me freaking out uh
well i do have to worry about it kate
because the thing is
is that i'm kind of in love with you
i've decided to have gastric bypass
surgery yeah i'm going to continue to
date sloan because
she's kind and she's sweet she's funny
and and you know what sometimes you just
got to do the right thing
even if it's not what you marry the hell
out of you k pearson just like that
just like that it was just like that
from the moment i met you kid
this cancer is coming for me sooner than
later i can feel it
the medication isn't working anymore do
you want to stop the chemo really
or wow guys this is
rebecca malone um it's pearson now oh
you forgot this
girl you used to play keys for got old
not from where i was
randall is not free of vice it's his
compulsive drive to be perfect
being on stage again and singing and i
missed it
randall do you know sanjay jahiri
sanji's gonna come board help us land
who wind farm client really
have you ever considered an immersive
weight loss experience a fat camp i
have a boyfriend well actually beyonce
we'll see hi
my ex-husband who i haven't seen in 12
years
just shows up at my doorstep unannounced
you know i'm not
exactly sure what you want me to say i
didn't ask for you to do anything nice
for me toby
and i thought that you were leaving what
happened would you ever think that maybe
i needed you to do something nice for me
and also i ran into your friend duke
who's a real dick by the way he's not my
friend
[Music]
when i think i want to go the oncologist
estimates he's only got a few more
months should we start digging his grave
now or should we wait until there's an
actual body
and my offer still stands i'm in cabin
13.
eight years ago i was pregnant for the
first time and randall was vying for
partner
at his firm and he made sure i didn't
lift the finger the drinking has to stop
you have to rein it in baby because i
won't have it in my house then one
morning i was
in the bathroom and he called out to me
he was confused because he
couldn't see anything worked himself
into a nervous breakdown when we were
together she said she never wanted to
get married would mean to go
yeah it was very brief it was another
life and probably why she didn't tell
you
you dated for two months two months when
i've been spending years old
three nights a week at rehearsal till 11
o'clock at night with this guy
and you think that i didn't deserve to
know that you had history with him you
know you never really talk about
your dad's death it's been just blocked
for
a really roll long your windows down
crank up the music let someone else make
you bed
[Music]
why didn't you go to her show tonight
first of all it was two hours away yeah
it's two hours away more people than
i've sung in front of in 15 years
yes
whoa sorry what the hell was that
i asked you a question where's my wife i
don't know she was she was just in the
dressing room don't punish her because i
crossed them hey bet
what'd you say jack
jack
okay i have to go drive him home ben
i bet we go on in 20 minutes
[Music]
it's over i have no life i have
zero life jack i am a housewife to three
teenagers who do not need me anymore
what do you love about me
tell me the me as i am right now not the
me that you've conjured up in your mind
over the years
what do you
i think you should go stay with miguel
for a while
we're their parents back we do the best
we can but at the end of the day what
happens to them how they turn out
that's bigger than us who i want to sing
director okay it's not like i'm gonna
get the part don't do that i want you to
get it
i love you
and every once in a while we're gonna do
something that's gonna knock us off our
feet
beth i wanna adopt a baby
[Music]
i love the mother that you are the same
woman who all those years ago ran out of
a blind date because she
simply had to sing
and our love story i know it may not
feel like it right now
it's just getting started
[Music]